Rewrite and split the Overview article (#2834)
surveyjs/survey-creator: docs/toolbox.md

# Toolbox Customization

> Toolbox contains available question and panel types. Users can click questions and panels or drag and drop them onto the design surface to add them to the survey. This help topic describes how you can customize the toolbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Toolbox contains available question and panel types. Users can click questions and panels or drag and drop them onto the design surface to add them to the survey. This help topic describes how you can customize the toolbox.
```

<img src="./images/survey-creator-toolbox-full.png" alt="Survey Creator - Toolbox in full mode" width="50%">

- [Full and Compact Modes](#full-and-compact-modes)
- [Limit Available Question and Panel Types](#limit-available-question-and-panel-types)
- [Group Toolbox Items by Categories](#group-toolbox-items-by-categories)
- [Customize Predefined Toolbox Items](#customize-predefined-toolbox-items)
- [Add a Custom Toolbox Item](#add-a-custom-toolbox-item)

## Full and Compact Modes

> Toolbox supports full mode (illustrated above) and compact mode. In compact mode, element names are hidden. To see an individual element name, a user should move the mouse pointer over the element icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Toolbox supports full mode (illustrated above) and compact mode. In compact mode, element names are hidden. To see an individual element name, a user should move the mouse pointer over the element icon.
```

<img src="./images/survey-creator-toolbox-compact.png" alt="Survey Creator - Toolbox in compact mode" width="50%">

> Toolbox switches between the modes automatically based on available width. Specify the [`forceCompact`](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Survey-Creator?id=questiontoolbox#forceCompact) property if you want the toolbox to always use a specific mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Toolbox switches between the modes automatically based on available width. Specify the [`forceCompact`](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Survey-Creator?id=questiontoolbox#forceCompact) property if you want the toolbox to always use a specific mode:
```

// Full mode
creator.toolbox.forceCompact = false;
```

You can also use the [`isCompact`](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Survey-Creator?id=questiontoolbox#isCompact) property to find out whether the toolbox is currently in compact mode:

```js
console.log(creator.toolbox.isCompact);
```

## Limit Available Question and Panel Types

All available question and panel types are listed in the [`getType()`](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=Question#getType) method description. If you need to show only a part of these types, specify them in the Survey Creator's [`questionTypes`](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Survey-Creator?id=surveycreator#questionTypes) array:

```js
const creatorOptions = {
    questionTypes: ["text", "checkbox", "radiogroup", "dropdown"]
};

const creator = new SurveyCreator.SurveyCreator(creatorOptions);

// In modular applications
import { SurveyCreator } from "survey-creator-knockout";
// or
import { SurveyCreator } from "survey-creator-react";
const creator = new SurveyCreator(creatorOptions);
```

[View Toolbox Customization example](https://surveyjs.io/Examples/Survey-Creator?id=toolboxcustomization)

## Group Toolbox Items by Categories

> > NOTE: Compact toolbox does not display categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: The compact toolbox does not display categories.
```

To group toolbox items, call the [`changeCategories()`](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Survey-Creator?id=questiontoolbox#changeCategories) method. It accepts an array of objects with the following fields:

- `name`        
The name of the item that should be grouped. Refer to the [`getType()`](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=Question#getType) method description for a list of accepted values.

- `category`      
A category for this item.

> The following code places the [Panel](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=panelmodel) and [Panel Dynamic](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=questionpaneldynamicmodel) types into the Panels category and the [Matrix](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=questionmatrixmodel), [Matrix Dropdown](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=questionmatrixdropdownmodel), and [Matrix Dynamic](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=questionmatrixdynamicmodel) types into the Matrices category:

Reviewer 2: Not a big deal... "Matrixes" and "Indexes" are more commonly used than "Matrices" and "Indices". 

```suggestion
The following code places the [Panel](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=panelmodel) and [Panel Dynamic](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=questionpaneldynamicmodel) types into the Panels category and the [Matrix](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=questionmatrixmodel), [Matrix Dropdown](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=questionmatrixdropdownmodel), and [Matrix Dynamic](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Library?id=questionmatrixdynamicmodel) types into the Matrixes category:
```

```js
creator.toolbox.changeCategories([
    { name: "panel", category: "Panels" }, 
    { name: "paneldynamic", category: "Panels" }, 

>     { name: "matrix", category: "Matrices" },

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    { name: "matrix", category: "Matrixes" },
```

    { name: "matrixdropdown", category: "Matrixes" },
    { name: "matrixdynamic", category: "Matrixes" }
]);
```

[View Toolbox Categories example](https://surveyjs.io/Examples/Survey-Creator?id=toolboxcategories)

Ungrouped items fall into the General category. You can use [localization capabilities](#localize-survey-creator-ui) to change its caption. If your application does not employ modules, use the following code:

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/survey-creator-core/survey-creator-core.i18n.min.js"></script>
```

```js
const translations = SurveyCreator.localization.getLocale("");
translations.ed.toolboxGeneralCategory = "Common";
```

In modular applications, use the code below:

```js
import "survey-creator-core/survey-creator-core.i18n";
import { localization } from "survey-creator-core";
const translations = localization.getLocale("");
translations.ed.toolboxGeneralCategory = "Common";
```

The following properties control the behavior of categories:

- [`allowExpandMultipleCategories`](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Survey-Creator?id=questiontoolbox#allowExpandMultipleCategories)     

> Allows more than one category to be in expanded state. If this property is `false`, when a user expands a category, other categories collapse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows more than one category to be in an expanded state. If this property is `false`, when a user expands a category, other categories collapse.
```

- `index`       
The target index of the item. Use `0` to add the item at the first position, `1` to add it at the second position, and so on. Do not specify `index` if you want to display the item at the end.

The following code adds a custom item that allows users to select a country from a drop-down menu. Since the `index` argument is `0`, the toolbox displays the item at the beginning.

```js
creator.toolbox.addItem({
  name: "countries",
  iconName: "icon-dropdown",
  title: "Countries",
  json: {
    type: "dropdown",
    optionsCaption: "Select a country...",
    choicesByUrl: {
        url: "https://surveyjs.io/api/CountriesExample"
    }
  }
}, 0);
```

[View Toolbox Customization example](https://surveyjs.io/Examples/Survey-Creator?id=toolboxcustomization)

<!--

WE HAVEN'T COME UP WITH A VERSION FOR REACT YET

>     ### Integrate 3rd-Party Components as Question Editors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ### Integrate Third-Party Components as Question Editors
```

>     Survey Creator supports integration with the following 3rd-party components out of the box:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Survey Creator supports integration with the following third-party components out of the box:
```

    %LIST%

>     To enable the integration with one of these components, reference or import the [surveyjs-widgets](https://github.com/surveyjs/custom-widgets) library next to the 3rd-party component sources:

Reviewer: 1. Please remove the article ("the") before "integration".

2. Since you say "reference or import the surveyjs-widgets library", I'm not sure what you mean by "next" in this context. Is it possible to import something _next_ to something else?

    ```html
    <script src="https://unpkg.com/surveyjs-widgets/surveyjs-widgets.min.js"></script>
    ```

    ```js
    import "survey-creator-core/survey-creator-core.i18n";
    ```

    If you did not find a desired component in the list above, refer to the following help topic for instructions on how to integrate any 3rd-party component into Survey Creator: [Create Custom Widget](https://surveyjs.io/Documentation/Survey-Creator?id=Create-Custom-Widget).
-->

<!--  

> NEW SURVEY CREATOR DOESN'T HAVE THE ADD TO TOOLBOX ADORNER YET 

Reviewer: See my comment on line 161.

    ### Save User-Defined Elements in the Toolbox

    By default, there is a “Add to Toolbox” button on an element (question/panel) in the designer. Your end-user may customize question/panel as he/she wants, add it into toolbox and then drop it on another page.

>     You may go even further and persist the current Toolbox state, so the user may use these custom toolbox items for building other surveys.

Reviewer: I also noticed that "Toolbox" is capitalized in this sentence, but it is not capitalized in the "Toolbox Customization" section above. Do we need to capitalize all instances of this word in that section as well? Or should the word be lowercase in this sentence?

>     Let’s talk here about available options that you have.

Reviewer: Can we change this line to something like the following?

`The available options are as follows:`

>     By default, a user may add only 3 elements from the designer. If there are already 3 custom/copied elements on the Toolbox, then on adding a new one, the first added element will be removed. To change the number of copied elements your user may have, you must set this property to the value you need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A user may add only 3 elements from the designer. If there are already 3 custom/copied elements on the Toolbox, then when a new element is added, the first added element will be removed. To change the number of copied elements your user may have, you must set this property to the required value:
```

    ```js
    creator.toolbox.copiedItemMaxCount = 10;
    ```

>     To disable the ability of adding an element from designer into toolbox you will have to use **onElementAllowOperations** event. Here is the example:

Reviewer: Also, please see my comment on line 190 regarding the capitalization of the word "toolbox".

    ```js
    creator.onElementAllowOperations.add(function(sender, options){
        options.allowAddToToolbox = false;
    });
    ```

>     If you want to persist the copied items on the Toolbox for your end-user for another session or another survey, then you must use the copiedJsonText properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to persist the copied items in the Toolbox for an end user for another session or another survey, then you must use the copiedJsonText properties:
```
